well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
biden harris campaign
because that's a thing it's official
we're going to talk about
why that announcement seemed to throw a
wall up
between two groups of people who seem
most likely to back a democratic ticket
if you were on social media at the time
the announcement was made
you probably saw a lot of people who
were unhappy
we're gonna explain why that is we're
going to explain that that wasn't a
surprise
to the democratic party it's part of the
strategy they're
counting on that um
we're going to talk about what a biden
harris campaign and possible presidency
would mean to us and we're going to talk
to those people who are
let's just say less than enthusiastic
about the biden harris ticket
okay the democratic party
is really made up of two groups of
people
okay the first are liberals
liberals are center right on the
real scale they're center-right
i know in the u.s they're the left but
they're center-right then there's a
small fraction of the democratic party
or people who vote democrat who are
actual leftists
who cross over into that territory
the democratic party has decided to
forego those votes
we don't need the leftist vote we're
gonna try to
pull votes from the center we're gonna
go for moderates
the idea is that they can pull
more votes from there and that these are
people who may
vote for trump if they don't vote for
for the democratic candidate so they're
trying to get votes
and deny votes to trump at the same time
that's the goal
the overall strategy is
is basically they want to shore up
their their supporters and who are the
most loyal voters for the democratic
party
black women harris certainly appeals to
them
however i don't think it's fair to say
that's the only reason she was chosen
because she brings something else huge
to the campaign
because of the strategy they're not
going to try to defeat
trump on policy why
because trump doesn't even know what
policy is he doesn't have one
even if he had one he wouldn't stick to
it he would just lie and change it
that's a losing that's a losing campaign
they're going to try to beat him on
twitter they're going to try to beat him
on the personal attack level
trump has two main lines of attack right
now
they're radical leftists and law and
order
neither biden nor harris is a radical
left they're not even moderate they're
not even leftists
they're liberals the running joke in
leftist circles right now
is that this is one heck of a republican
ticket
this this campaign will get active
opposition from leftists
and they're counting on that because if
they're getting opposition
from the actual leftists
well then those in the center are going
to see that they're not leftists
law and order there is nobody
on the american political stage more law
and order than harris
locking people up that's like her thing
he's not going to be able to hold a
candle to her
in this regard he's not going to be able
to use that line of attack
and then if he tries to paint her as a
leftist or anything like that
he has to explain why he donated to her
twice
and ivanka once
this is uh they're trying to beat him at
his own game
they're trying to show how little
substance he has
and then they're trying to bait him
trump is famous for attacking women
in incredibly
sexist ways
but harris isn't clinton clinton was
generally disliked by a whole lot of
people
harris is disliked by leftists
if he comes at her the same way he comes
at a lot
of women politicians he might
upset women voters specifically those
in the suburbs those that he has to get
to win that's their plan
it's cynical it's superficial it is
lacking in substance and it will
probably work
so if you are a liberal if you are a
democratic party loyalist
you've got a ticket that might win
however if you're watching this channel
i have to assume that you want deep
systemic change
otherwise you probably wouldn't be
watching this channel you want real
change
you are not going to get that from biden
harris
they are as establishment as status quo
as they come
if you want that and you you you want to
use the political system to do it
you had better be looking at those other
races
down ballot if you don't stack the house
in the senate with aoc types
you are going to get a kindler gentler
face
on a whole lot of the exact same
policies
some of the more horrendous stuff will
disappear
but overall not much is going to change
you have to have those radical people
willing to make those changes in the
house and the senate
so they can propose them and get the
support to make it politically untenable
for biden to say no
okay so if you are one of those people
who is less than enthusiastic about
this ticket let me start by saying
i feel you this is not my dream ticket
okay
um yeah
there are three schools of thought right
now among leftists
the first is not going to vote
some out of despite some because they
have a moral objection
to uh to voting they don't want to use
the power of the state
against their neighbor got it
got it you have to vote your conscience
or not vote your conscience
i understand where you're coming from on
this one
there are some that want to vote third
party again you have to vote your
conscience
if you cannot get behind harris because
of
some of the authoritarian background
that she has
i understand that i do really
um and then the third is to
grit your teeth and vote biden harris
and
do it with the understanding that
either way you know
next year you're going to be opposing
the administration no matter what
you might as well oppose the one that's
going to give you the most uh
freedom of movement and that it's going
to be easier to oppose
biden harris than it is trump pence
there is a subset of people who believe
that the right answer is
is to back trump
because he helps keep people motivated
and speaking out
i would suggest that's a bad idea i
don't think that that's
actually helpful i understand
the logic i i just don't know that i
would be uh
willing to do that i want to add
something else that i think people
should consider
i think it's incredibly important that
trump lose
i'm not saying that it's got to be biden
and harris
okay i don't care if they win
but it's incredibly important that trump
lose i said this during the impeachment
i wasn't really that upset when uh
when he wasn't convicted and removed
because i think it's incredibly
important
for those people who he marginalized
for he that he pushed down
for them to see their neighbors reject
it
him suffering a resounding defeat
will help make sure there's not another
one
if his rhetoric proves to be failing
rhetoric
that it can't get a re-election
they're not going to try to use that
again
that message is really important
again i'm not saying to vote for any
particular candidate
i just think it's incredibly important
that trump lose
that that message is sent that the
united states has moved past this
this is not how you make america great
it wasn't great when these were the
policies the first time
we don't need to try them again this
rhetoric
is failing i think that message needs to
be sent
okay so
what does this mean for everybody
watching this channel
all the stuff we talk about is
is more important than ever when we're
talking about individual action
building community networks stuff like
that if you're on the left if you're
actually one of the leftists
um you already know this top-down
leadership doesn't work
i don't know what i don't know why we
all get mad this happens every time
you're not it's very unlikely that
you're going to get somebody
in in the white house that is going to
promote
these ideas the amount of money
that it takes to get there leads to
corruption
um it leads to accepting
those ideas that
that capitalism that this system is the
way to go
if you you want something else you're
going to have to build it
and if you are a liberal understand
the reforms you want made they're not
going to happen
they're not going to happen especially
not to the level that's going to reach
your community
those community networks are more
important than ever
being active beyond voting this isn't a
once every four year or once every two
year thing
if you want a functioning free
just society you have to be involved
um there is no
there's there's no cavalry coming
it's just us we have to make the changes
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night